popon
[Music]
Antichrist 666 on FES my witch I'm
purple
[Music]
do I spit Dragon Venom from Hell into
the heavens which girl Le the fxing most
poisonous of kissing Liquid Smoke be
dripping hopp to the hipping Pop R Vegas
Hing on hoer they tripping doctors they
be stripping slay bank money printing
Wall Street start be hitting the wet the
sweat is dripping how many pills they
taking the banker smells like bacon in
Ro pedophiles be hanging in Greek words
I be slanging high fire tracks banging
babylon's vaping honey on the radio The
Man Who Laughs it up all penny wi with
the urrent adult
surprise all night in the C make you
feel all right sleeping tight make you
see the
light Venus my do is coming right Athena
S V them in your
[Music]
eyes welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is am andu and I'm I have got a bonus
for you I've got a bonus for you before
I let your drill sergeant in
here we need to look at some things we
need to look at some things oh it's so
yummy it's so yummy I want to say
welcome back to the congregation tonight
I want to say welcome back and I want to
ask you I want to ask you to please
please come and have a seat tonight at
at tonight's
event I am going to give you something
new something new nobody has given such
gifts to his beloved
congregation I think it's fair to say
that don't you don't you everyone oh
it's
so information
Highway hey lady abalon indeed indeed so
I'm going to bring to you a couple of
sources tonight couple of
people right that you're never going to
hear from unless you come to me and what
are these people GNA talk about are you
ready so recently everybody saw the
stuff with Dan
mlen and Captain
Kip right and it was crushing brutal oh
God
what did you do alen what did you
do
brutal
brutal and unfortunately for biblical
studies anything around the book be it
the
Torah be it the New
Testament unfortunately the
Guardians they're up to it again they're
up to it again the the
ground the ground is sand and it's
sinking so somebody in a comment and I
didn't get the comment
because you know I didn't think ah had
but somebody made a comment and asked
about some
Scrolls some Hebrew scrolls that go back
to 600
BC oh my God they're right they're right
out of the Torah baby
right out of the Torah and I looked at
that and I thought oh
[Music]
God they're up to it again the
biblical side of the biblical
archaeologists are up to again let me go
see so I went and looked at
them turns out they're from the second
or first and they tried to project once
again the date and then they called this
stuff paleo
Hebrew well wait wait wait wait what
kind of game are we playing here what
kind of
game you're trying to project those
dates back do you see what the monest
community is up to we have watched a
Mormon we have watched
evangelicals
yeah we' have watched
those who were Orthodox in the monest
doctrines of hail
Yahoo and what do we have we have the
holes in their
unreality and they are angry excuse me
I'm gonna go over over here and close
that chewy the lid to the underworld is
open chewy go close that lid thank you
fantastic so I'm going to bring while
chewy does that um let me tell you what
I'm going to do I'm going to reach back
into a source a Greek Source tonight
edius
ofam yeah edius of who the hell is that
right okay look him up but he's a
physician and he's writing an
entire
book that has to
do with christing
christing christing
christing christing here and christing
there everybody says do you know what
their weaknesses this is why they won't
come to me another potential Challenger
is running and this is somebody who
already made a video about me not none
of the stuff that you've seen now here
that I've presented this is a new
dude and he is such a
coward why why would he be a coward
because he knows he doesn't really read
Greek he
doesn't people it's nothing to do with
ideas everything to do with the text you
got to get into it with Mother Greek
sexy mother Greek she's so
sexy oh god let's see that one hail
Yahoo the hunter right catcher and bring
her oh right of course no look people
look at this comment this person is
talking thank you Ed this person is
talking about a specific text in the
Christian
Corpus of magical texts right the ones
that Paul the Viper Venom junkie was
like throw those things away right well
they did and a lot of them survived
because they threw them
away anyway um Yahoo is in indeed so for
those of you who are out there who are
thinking on terms of
sexuality Yahoo is the one that you must
pray to in order to um bring a
successful Union between two
men right
so uh early early
history of Judaism
the
religion not the
ethnicity the monest
religion right okay it's monism they're
at it again so those texts by the way
the fact that somebody said hey you know
this disproves you do you see what what
people do do you see what people do they
take that theological propaganda and
they destroy Society with it that's a LW
those texts are a
lie but historically they date to the
time
when a sect of monists is trying to
create trying to back
translate
Hebrew all right so that they can claim
it's theirs the text and the text we're
talking about are the ones that were
made made very
famous in the third and second centuries
things are quoted baby right it's a
Greek text why because the Greeks were
crazy about those libraries dude how
many libraries did they find in
Jerusalem how
many how many how many did they find out
in the desert how many they find up at
Galilee and I'm not talking Roman
libraries right that doesn't count I'm
talking about monest libraries that
doesn't work in Antiquity why because
the monest are the ones who were burning
down your
libraries right it's ancient
Florida Fantastic how dare you insult my
state Hey listen to me listen to me book
Banning bozos you got to read the shine
no it will make me
hot what does that say oh man do I love
this oh yeah no I think this person is
talking about something but they all go
together let's go let's get into this
people you're like what do you Tak so
long for bub get on the get on the mark
don't you know my time is worth it it is
but I want you to know we're breaking
through we're breaking through and they
are
running the Christian
apologists
run
why why did you see what happened to Dan
did you see what happened get bran man
be smart run like Kip run Kip
run why it's the text baby we just go in
and take him over we just take him over
so what am I going do tonight I'm going
to bring you some Christ thing that none
of these bozos have ever seen it's a
treat for you my beloved congregation
because I know it turns you on I know
these texts turn you on they do they do
um give me give me the first one chewy
let's hit it star system
boom Oh God it's a long one is he going
to start out long- winded no I'm just
going to go ahead and translate this for
you this is the edius of am that I'm
talking about right and he goes into a
discussion he says Hey there you got to
know that there are remedies for the
bites of the Viper and other
snakes there's drugs that can be
used and they are in the form I hear of
potions or drinkables and look at the
second second line second last
word
christs remember the
division of drugs in ureides politicus
she wanted a sex drug you got to realize
the context this is the hottest stepmom
on the planet man this and she's like 30
years younger than that dude right and
granted he's a king and all that but
she's like 30 years younger and incomes
HP
polius incomes HP polius now he didn't
want anything to do with it he didn't
want anything to do with it I don't know
he's got something he's got something
wrong with Aphrodite you see what
happens when you curse
Aphrodite when you curse Aphrodite you
slip and say something stupid
disrespectful to aphrod you see what
happens suddenly your stepmother has a
hots for you and what do you do I don't
know I just watched her a
lot what do you actually do if you're a
woman and you've got all that
power you drag
him wait what wait what yes and when you
drug
him you
ask hey um one of your servants you ask
him hey um what do you got for sex again
well we have a drinkable and we have a
Christ those two
things
are the entry points of the
drugs this type of drug a sex
drug is usually
portable or
christable give it to me in my eyes what
are they doing when they're
christing they are putting the drug
directly into their eyes and it is such
a common practice that it is causing the
prophets
Loma oh did you hear it a whitening of
the eyes whitening an
opacity an
obesity love it get out of here drug
Jesus
give me the next one um they can't keep
up people they can't keep no no no give
me the same this is very important this
is very important text so he says look
but he says um I'll keep going the
epodes those who sing the magic songs
have cures for the Venom when it is
christed this is a passage let me just
explain to you the significance of this
passage this passage
scientifically is a
breakthrough we are talking about a
description of
christing the addition of
Venom directly to the eyes and these are
not simples these are
compounds right love it where do I get
this stuff out of her
cost out of whose cpos out out of she
who is
christed oh my
God oh my God you get it out of her call
Pa right okay let's go on that's same
same passage so he's what people is this
is a doctor's verification of the
practice of putting the that Venom
directly into the eyes and they call it
christing there is
no Christian
alive who can stand against
this and by the way the two texts that
I'm using perfectly surround the period
that the New Testament is written so
it's before it already well established
the drink and the Christ and after it
what else is after it very well
established edius of amida we're still
there we even got a technical document
on the later end now by the way edius is
a
thief ediot is a thief there is one
person who has translated the first book
of of this work that we're talking about
this is from the seventh book people are
like where are your sources you can't
even get to my sources you can't even
get to them yeah it's gorgeous I love
this people are like oh he says crazy
things about
Christ it's because you haven't been
there you haven't seen it I get to look
at it close up you know how many body
fluids I've waited through oh
[Music]
God it's fantastic gayen gayen gayen by
the way edius is a thief and he's
stealing most of this from
Galen right now um one person is
translated for a doctoral dissertation
the first book of edius otherwise this
thing is totally untranslated and I
guarantee you everybody out there in
satanic congregation you take this text
or this
video you take this video to Harvard and
you give it to them and you say look at
this text you know who this is and they
will say no why no I was too busy making
theories oh Harvard you have you have
been naughty again you've been naughty
Harvard you have been naughty do you
know what you shouldn't do Harvard do
you know what you shouldn't
do give me some slack chewy give me some
slack you know what you shouldn't do
Harvard you shouldn't talk like this oh
turn that off turn that turn that off
it's distracting me it's distract all
the instrumentation on the panel has to
be sign okay come here Harvard come here
here you know what you did you missed it
sweetie I don't care about your
money I don't care about your
name you suck and I found it and I'm
ramming it right up your back
sides hail Satan by the way who did this
who did this bring it up chewy this is a
break we're taking
get we just got started what does you
mean bring up the no bring up the the
image yes there we go who did this who
did this okay take it down take it down
no you're gonna leave it up okay um
chewy and I just want to know we've been
putting up a little bit of art of people
who have been making it from the
congregation and I just want to throw
out a little bit of this every once in a
while yeah and I just want I saw this
one and I thought I don't know where
this was even I think somebody sent it
to me Ryan said have you seen this no I
hadn't but thank you I appreciate the
fact that you have so captured my
sexiness yeah yeah I love it hell Satan
give me the next one give me the next
one these people paid for reality
um no no no no keep going go back up to
the first one fantastic fantastic but he
says look um um I hear that the bite of
the ASP alone is the one that they
really can't heal there's no there's no
cure for it right so getting involved
with that ASP that's just a bad fate you
know what I mean you know what I mean
but um look there is something even more
poisonous
go to the third line from the bottom and
look at G
pharmakis
gakis the woman who is the pharmacist is
the
most to fear ones like Mia and
Cersei right you know why because the at
the bite of the um o of the
ASP right it
works as its drug through its bite but
you know how they
work they work through
contact they work through
contact oh can you see that isn't that
gorgeous by the way I'm gonna embarrass
myself but I think that's actually
what's his name is that elen I think
elen uh slipped in there yeah I think
this is elen that biological okay that's
okay late second late second elen now
I'm going to bring you the doctor I'm
sorry but you know sometimes I'm trying
to read so much now I'm building up
muscle for one of these for one of these
people to make a grave mistake and to
step into the ring with me over these
Texs because you know what people we got
them and I am not letting them go
satanic congregation say yay if you hear
me
right say you know hail Satan right love
it I what does he mean when he says hail
Satan oh God oh God Can You Feel Can you
feel it where is it get my goat let's
bring her on early hello panelope hello
Penelope I and the satanic congregation
do hereby
recognize the
pollution hidden by by your
cross thank you Penelope thank you okay
get her down back to the barn what's
wrong with the colors tonight let's
go give me the next one hurry there's a
sense of urgency oh there it is look
people the epodes do what they have a
remedy for the ination that is that
Venom okay they've got a remedy and what
are these app OD next what are these
epodes look people right what is an epod
it's a song sung right it's enchantment
it's spells wait but did you ever get
the feeling these victorians are just a
little bit off when it comes to the
drugs a little bit okay it's charm give
me the next one give me the next one
what is an epode by the way this is an
ancient Greek thing when your language
is this sophisticated and has more than
8,000 words
can you believe he didn't know
that okay I'm sorry I'm it's immature I
know it's immature but you know I think
there's a little bit of think I got a
little bit of D little bit of Kip on my
shoe give it to me um singing to or over
right now I want you to
recognize songs or charms to heal wounds
to heal
wounds you know what your epot
is your epot is your combination healer
drug user and Magic song singing
person yeah epode I know they want to
call him something like Shaman or
something like come on man it's more
sophisticated how many songs of Shaman
now I'm going to go ahead and challenge
people they're going to be upset how
many songs of Shaman from Antiquity do
we have right how many
songs no
no we have that eptic power in Greek
literature and that's why there's
libraries with
thousands of
Works long time long time before
remember Jesus by the way remember Jesus
went down to Egypt to get educated why
is that because people they don't have
proper
bathrooms okay right
civilization that's why people got
educated in
Alexandria right love it can you imagine
oh God are the tommies connected here of
course of course they are let me show
you how give me the next one I love this
stuff people right um what is does it
mean to Ino it means to look look at the
definition anoint oneself oh god
seriously seriously and look at how
they're going to translate the passage
of EOS
Ines poison and then they put injected
by a
sting nope do you see the word for sting
there no that's what's down below
canron it's not there people this is
literally in Christ in the EOS and why
is
it why why is it that
these Victorian Brits missed the mark
how is it that they miss the
mark yeah um the focus you'll notice the
there's not you know besides
Galen right
hypocrates sometimes or
aesus there's a whole
Gulf of medical writers that somehow
kind of Miss everybody's
radar well they didn't miss ours they
didn't miss ours we're I'm gonna bring
them to you it's new Bible like you've
never seen it people like you've never
seen it good give me the next one it's
all about this
word this is our Ultimate Weapon are you
ready this is our Ultimate Weapon this
is is why
the Evangelical Community will not
debate me oh they will make videos about
me and say poo poo he's totally wrong
because but they won't talk why because
they
know somebody owns the
tax Christos is their
downfall Christos
and if we get
Theos we are just a hop skiping away
from the naked kid that was with Jesus
when he was arrested in a public park at
4 a.m. screaming wait wait wait I'm not
a
trafficker oh God it's gorgeous isn't it
oh it's it's creepy it's creepy
Jesus look at him people loved it when I
particularly when I SWAT him come here
Jesus can you imagine Jesus's
bottom I think it's kind of pale I think
it's kind of pale here I'm going to pull
down Jesus's loin cloth for everybody in
Sunday school I'm going to give you an
exact description of what it would be
like to spank the bottom of Jesus Jesus
Christ I gave him a few
extra
why you know I
heard beis and
Butthead um talking about how I was
wrong because one of the Apostles was a
tax collector and they made a joke about
haha isn't it funny oh isn't it funny
than a little kid being a tax collector
oh gonna work for the gonna work for the
government when he's
eight yeah okay okay um check your text
Bro check your text says Matthew who is
a Mathes teen he is
sitting at the boo
where they collect
tolls he is not in taxes he is not
employed they do the same thing with
Matthew that they do with Peter and say
look he's married we never see his wife
anywhere and you say oh she's the one
who gets sick Jesus heals her you know
that's the word for sister and it's just
for any female
in-law right could have been his
brother's wife
yeah
Matthew was the
boy
sitting with the tax collectors who
along with
prostitutes would come to Jesus when he
was laying with his
kids Gangsta G is back gangster G Give
It To Me gangster
G right people you see what happens they
can't stand they can't stand because
they're all they're doing is propping up
propping up a theology it's the belief
the Dogma the doctrine that's in their
mind the monism is a virus of the
[Music]
mind and the pope has the
Antichrist I love love it I love it hail
hail Satan
congregation he got it Pope got
[Laughter]
it that man is crazy shut
up I'll see in your dreams Pastor
Chris's
[Laughter]
wife all right stop that stop that come
on chewy how come you let me do that
give me the next one give give me the
next one now people this is a little bit
fuzzy I apologize for the way this thing
looks right but this is the best we
could do with the quality that we had
this is that doctor right edius and it's
one of the things that nobody nobody
looks at but he's going to tell you here
he's dealing with the use of the AIS the
Viper within the context of
medicine uhhuh and how are they applying
these things look at the bottom
line bottom
line here is that phrase I just want you
to see it do you know what you do you
Christ your
forehead yes your temple
area I was reading this and there's a
whole lot there's a whole lot about the
eyes there's a whole lot oh God oh God
you would love it you know what they're
putting on we got Alexander and whatnot
they got that dark by the way in
Antiquity well I'll show you it's coming
up in a minute but I'm going to show you
this this dark um this black color that
you put around your eyes it's a medicine
what it does I love it it's good stuff
man chewy give it to me make sure we
don't miss this here's a sentence I'm
going to try translated Christ those
temples baby and you will be in
wonderment yeah you're gonna be amazed
at how this thing works give me the next
one give me the next one look at this
what does he say concerning the
christing you know when you're christing
in this area right what happens remember
Jesus when he's arrested has stuffff
oozing off of his face in
clots okay um what is this this is more
when you're going to use specific
christing drugs components these are got
excuse me compounds look at the word
cataplasm maton what are you talking
about cataplasms right what what the
hell is that it's a
plaster it's a plaster think of it as a
cream that you can apply
right well what is
Anon notice the coal root notice the
coal rout Kappa Omicron Lambda Lambda
that's like a
cerium it is an
ointment to apply to the body tissues to
affect the change so talking about very
specific
ones right and how to class ify them and
how to apply them or to specifically
Christ them and there are different ways
of
christing and they are all here and by
the way in a related passage in Galen
I'll never tell
you in a related passage in
Galen if I give you two numbers and you
replicate it properly you'll find it one
four in a passage of gay and he talks
about orus and the drugs that induce
death so for those of you who are like I
want to go metal baby I want to
go I want to go metal baby these are the
ones right take your one and four and
reproduce it within the
cone which is the editor of
Galen just the look I gave you something
to do somebody will do it now somebody
will crack it and they'll find the
passage and they'll send it to me you
should do that whoever it is I will give
a prize our first satanic
prize um won't include money right
fantastic because we don't work that way
people I just want to remind people give
me the next one we got to make a living
um what what's happening look at the
second word
Paro you're
parring okay so you can
parize something and parac
something okay good whole bunch of whole
bunch of terms what is a
Parma well it's that which is glued on
these plasters or or will ad heed to or
um sorry well B not bind but dry to the
skin dry to the skin that which is glued
on all right look at number two
particularly right these are the ceria
these are the things that they're using
for the eyes why the eye haven't you
ever okay well it's a port of entry and
it's a big deal in Mediterranean
medicine particularly in places like
Egypt and you get that in these medical
authors where they talk about oh yeah
the oralia in Egypt is terrible right
and these are the drugs that we use and
what are the drugs doing yeah they're
christing you mean it's just the you're
just adding a drug to the eye yes just
like it says right so all of these
biblical experts let me just let me just
replay this in its Glory I'm sorry all
of these biblical experts came out and
said
Christ that is only used in medicine
everywhere else oop means something
else
yeah and in their
own
text Revelation
three see
what does he
say
18 what does he
say Christ your eyes so that you may
see Christ your eyes so that you may
see you mean amen you mean you have all
these texts that just talk about and
explain what was actually going on yes
and why did nobody get it up to this
point two reasons number one the
LIE
of the Hebrew
Torah that
permanently stake a claim that took the
Western mind and diverted it to a false
history yeah yeah that's why it always
has to be back projected
right that's why the Apologetics on that
side are
terrible on the side of those Semitic
languages it's
terrible yeah you can't blame them
though because they don't have anything
to work with in their science their
science has nothing to work
with right now the gentleman who's the
professor from Hebrew University who
said in an article Hebrews ancient
Hebrews got about ,000 unique words he
is helping to
construct the modern language of Hebrew
to push the standards forward so that
the language
develops and it has but in Antiquity at
the time that they're faking and forging
these texts and saying oh the original
is Hebrew right um these already well
established text what uh uh they do it
poorly it's a bad mons are always
terrible scientists they're always
terrible scientists and you have to be
with language and that's why nobody
wants to come to Alan because they know
what's going to happen they know what's
going to happen I please I send you an
invitation those of you who defend your
God do you know what I've shown people
I've shown people your Jesus Christ was
a
past I've shown people that he was a
drug-using pederast who got not what he
deserved but strangely enough went
through a
right of death and resurrection and the
process oh God it's
gorgeous isn't it
ironic he got what he deserved people
don't worry don't worry you know um our
uh agency our child protection our inner
interdimensional child Protection Agency
will vouch for fact that Jesus is always
ultimately rounded up you can't get
arrested with a naked kid right without
a mob forming to kill
you some kind of old standard
Justice yeah okay let's go I'm sorry I
drift I drift from the text I wanted you
to see these gorgeous text tonight
before we call on the drill sergeant
this is just more christing right these
are the christing
right and what are they going to you're
going to Christ for the sake of pain
right you're going to call you're going
to create a a
paragor right
paror right what are you gonna do you're
gonna kill that pain baby you're going
to make them you're going to arouse them
sexually and you're going to kill that
pain now if you look through these
recipes for the things that they are
christing which they're all here I'm
bringing it to you tonight baby right
right they're all here people look they
won't because they're lazy that the
first reason the second reason that we
don't have this is because nobody reads
the medical side why is that because
it's too technical baby I'd rather read
something you know everybody has written
about and I'll just throw in my crappy
ideas enjoy that enjoy that I think I'll
stick with the interesting stuff Christ
M with the
Venom oh god oh you know what we need we
need a song by Teddy that has something
about christing my eyes with Venom I
thanked Jesus every day now I see he was
just a squatter in my mind it's okay
it's okay you're not the only one you're
not the only one I have been there with
you I feel I feel for your for
your it's almost like a violation you
know what I mean it's like psychic it's
like psychic sex control what a
pervert can you imagine wanting that
over people oh I want
everybody right no come on man come on
it's not magic I want a
kitchen thank you thank you my kitchen
is gorgeous don't you thinkk it's not
mine I'm just renting it but it's
gorgeous nonetheless and I'm happy to be
here okay give me the the next one chewy
let's give him something really to chew
on look I I know this is kind of uh this
is kind of uh uh blurry but what are we
talking about here oh God oh God we're
talking about look at the second line
last
word we're talking about applying the
Christ and where what is this particular
one these are the
epicist that we put on the whole head
remember Jesus is
dripping right he's dripping you thought
no the little bit on the corner of his
mouth that was from the
kid right these chewy oh my
god did you laugh at that chewy okay
let's keep going let's keep it
appropriate right the little bit that's
on the corner of Jesus's
mouth that is the combination of the
drug and that child's
ejaculate which is pre spermatic that
right the testes haven't developed right
it's
prepubertal you you wanted to know right
that's exactly what's going on so that
is there but I'm talking about the goop
baby I'm talking about all that stuff
and they're like what the what is
get that guy a towel right right what
what does this say um it says why you're
putting it on there but I wanted to I
wanted to point out that you're mixing
with it some
Acacia a lot of people like that you
know what I mean we're going to get some
specific drugs oh and by the way the spe
the drugs that they're using did you
know did you know you can Christ
opium yeah yeah
right mixed with other things you know
what other things they're mixing it with
that High aamus baby the stuff that
makes you crazy and the stuff that makes
you aroused they got some kind of
industry going on you know what I mean
it's a glorious it's a glorious uh
Empire
of Botanicals and animal poisons that
rules through one woman who christs the
world she's the one who came up with it
isn't it glorious one woman can you
believe it we're going to talk about her
because they they're the ones who talk
about her give me the next one you saw
media and Cersei mentioned above um oh
here's more cataplasms right here more
cataplasms but I wanted you to see the
second word ofal this is again the
doctor where where are these things
associated with the eyes the eyes and
he's going to go through an En time
entire list of things that are going to
compose these individual
cataplasms right and oh God some of the
stuff in there you're like give me the
next you're like no baby I can't I can't
do that it's on
schedule right but I want you to
see where are you putting these drugs
you're putting them in your
eyes there are ones that open your
eyes why so that you may
see yeah get in line then there's
another line you got to make a
choice then there are
those that open your
eyes that you may
see yeah they got a lot of need for the
first in Egypt it's all the dry air
it's all the dry air fantastic I think
they got it we got it rebel base give it
to me um no this next one give me the
next one um only a couple more people oh
there's the epicist so here's an epic
christing of the eyes again it's just a
different mechanism just a different
mechanism of application right none of
this people by the way none of this
people know this none of people will
know this
right they can't read their own text
this kind of application is in the book
of The Apocalypse of
John and they can't read
it guess what else I
found I found the
trois I found the
discs you mean the discs of whirling and
wheels and
and no
dumbass they're
drugs how do you think your prophets saw
things and heard things how do you think
they did
that you followed a fairy tale didn't
you what kind of monest mind and you
know I can't I can't you know pull
myself out of that group entirely right
what kind of a monest mind must you have
you have to have a mind that Appeals to
an
unreality this is the raw reality that
I'm giving you and this is why they
can't read Revelation do you realize
I've given you I I was going to say I've
given but I combin it with giving I've
giving you
everything so that you can put that
entire book
together and see it for the first time
isn't that joyous and the Christians can
do nothing about it do you know why
they're weak they're
weak I find you you Scholars who call
yourselves Believers in the
cross I know you and you are
weak please
some some Catholic Exorcist out there
please almond wants to
talk let's do it on Danny
Jones love it hit me with the next one
hit me with the next one oh God I'm lik
in a cage tonight that's not the next
one that's the second is the next there
we go um what else oh this is beautiful
but it's more epicist thing I want to
move along because I've got to get the
drill sergeant out here um I wanted to
show you some disease tonight our
commercial is ptosis and what is that
just look at the Greek how sophisticated
it is it's an influx or an entrance of
something and it says in the Greek there
to hugu of that moisture it's an influx
or entrance of moisture look at number
two an insertion of something an
implication number four
medically do you know what kind
of medical
technology they have an Antiquity
remember I told you that media is doing
transfusions
yeah and you're like no they all walked
around with
sticks what does it say there what is it
hang on we'll bring them back we'll
bring them back hang on meeds we'll
bring you back but what does it say
there in number four transfusion of
blood into arteries and who do they
quote ayrus opud galin osyrus is quoted
in
Galen and the anonymous London insis and
okay anyway um I want you to know that
ayrus he's helenistic man helenistic
physician you see this is when Greek
really reaches this Apex this technical
Apex right where we've gone to the
library and now we're very very
systematically researching and
documenting researching and documenting
and what are we researching and
documenting things like these plants
things like these
drugs right that's what we're this is a
science a a movement of
science God it's gorgeous christing did
you know there was so much about
christing how many of you out there let
me just ask this how many of you out
there have been to church and have heard
Jesus Christ did this Jesus Christ did
that Jesus Christ did this Jesus Christ
did that holy Miracle Mother of God
beads beating people with the beads and
how much do they tell you the Christ
thing is that's an
anointing did you know these
texts tell you the difference between
anointing and
christing which you don't want to admit
is the christing is on the Wild Side
baby and that's what Jesus is doing when
he getss arrested with a naked kid in a
public
park give me the next one you see they
can't challenge people they can't
challenge they're dead from the
beginning because you think they know
these no they don't and what am I gon to
do flash these up do you know what's G
to happen if I flash these up in front
of somebody who's been through a
seminary I could flash these up at the
head the guy who ran Daryl Bach you
coward you ran I told you come and tell
us tell us about the Christ Derek Daryl
Bach and what happened nope leader of
Dallas Theological Seminary Greek
program I could throw this up in front
of Bach he would know what the hell's
going on he wouldn't do you know why
because they'd learn
tiny tiny bit about one book imagine
what would happen to your brain if all
you studied was one book right imagine
you didn't speak English but you read
one book all the
time imagine what that would do to your
brain whoever translate that book can
guide you very easily and if they lack
in
skill if they're driven by Theology and
under the influence of the Ecstasy of
monest
theology then you're going to get a
programming is what you're going to get
a fairy tale programming reality is much
more interesting and people are finding
it out now and it's making a splash it's
making a splash because it scares people
it scares
people what get that all over here
get take that down all right fantastic
let's go to the next one I'm getting all
worked out I'm getting all worked up
look at this oh you know what we do this
for this drug the one we're talking
about here is used for that health of
the eyes right what do I want you to
notice I want you to notice
the uh second line and I want you to
notice lethos
frugos wait it's The Fran Stone
frian Stone give me the next one
sometimes their science is a little bit
difficult we've got an entire book of
oric an orphic creation called the litha
nobody's translated it right at least I
no maybe there was guy in the 1880s or
something was there I think there was
actually somebody told me they found a
translation anyway the litha Fantastic
absolutely fantastic work um do they
mean Stones no they don't look at the
first line
steamy steamy after the period steamy
Sigma Yoda muum
yod what is that it's the blackening
that you put around your
eyes right it's the blackening that you
put around your eyes very useful in the
kitties very useful in the
kitties okay fantastic give me the next
give me the next one look it's just
giving you a slice of life right here is
a christing that's of
everything Christ yourself baby go for
it give me the next
one um here was one for
L that's the one the prophets are
getting boom and what is this one oh
here's the commercial are you ready this
is the
these are the ladies that I'm looking
for okay are you ready what is this word
le right Lea what is that a lionist a
lionist but look who they refer to as
lionist Clyde of nastra and you think oh
it's just like a nickname some kind of
pet name no no no no no no it's a symbol
of
ferocity now look at number three
remember how I've been telling you leave
it up for a second chewy remember how
I've been telling everybody we're
talking about women who controlled
everything from breeding to why would
you let somebody who's corrupt AKA a
male decide who to breed seriously it's
where the whole system goes
wrong right the women decide after
they've killed three men right okay in
this Society that's developing around
the Black Sea particularly
aov do you know what's happening look at
number three women dedicated to
meas what who' you say no I said Mitra
or
[Music]
meas do you
understand do you
understand these women they don't take
anything from anyone they don't think
take anything from anyone you mean the
ideal woman that steps out of history is
a woman who doesn't take anything from
anyone and is
brilliant oh yeah yep that's our
ideal did you have something else in
mind did you have something else in mind
what you GNA do the Yahoo and put a
burka on her right throw some acid in
her face if she tries to go to school do
you you see how your monest virus has
infected you people of
earth oh God no it's not aliens no no
it's not no no why isn't it why isn't it
something else why don't the aliens come
here and do something like I don't know
have coffee why is it always the probing
you tell me you tell me it's the people
who come up with that stuff you know
what I mean no I'm serious if we took
these people out everybody out there
who's talking about Nephilim everybody
who's talking about aliens look people
you need something you need a Bic four
day
weekend yeah you need to get out there
and let let the stuff out that's what
you need don't worry we'll watch it
we'll supervise we'll make sure that
only a few of us
die right and those will be
sacrifices to the
god you can eat them you can eat them
did you know they eat their
own once a month baby give it to
me okay um here just for the cynic just
for the cynic this is a pest
resistance are you ready for the are you
ready for this look at the first word
scy
g oh isn't that gorgeous cyan what is
the cyan thing that we're referring to
cyan lethos
Stone and what do you do
you do like this with it in your
hands warm it up heat it up bring it
together rub it rub it rub it rub it and
what do you rub into it you rub in the
Venom of the
ASP the Venom of the ASP and how do you
do it look at that last word look at
that last word people you Christ
it do you want to see something from
Antiquity that nobody can show you after
this
date right down the date people will
talk about
this they are
christing with
Venoms they're christing with Venoms why
why so that
you may
see
fantastic fantastic oh isn't it culty
goodie you know what Jesus did you know
what Jesus did yeah he brought that
fruit he brought that eye openening
fruit now his garden wasn't with Eve oh
and was she gorgeous and what ask the
devil man ask the devil devil who's
Kane's daddy anyway ask the
devil no he didn't Jesus didn't end up
with Eve when he got his Christ thing no
he ended up where did he end up he ended
up with a naked
kid a naked kid in the public park I
can't wait I can't wait do you know why
there is no monest who wants to stand
with me I'll take him any color any
color any creas
any
ethnicity yeah any continent you could
be on any continent I don't care you can
thank you're from a different planet I
don't care as long as you're a
monest we will pull that demon out of
you we will exercise you and it's yummy
people it's absolutely
yummy it's absolutely yummy funny
anything is now I wanted to ask satanic
congregation this question this person
could be a person of any
variety you notice what I didn't mention
I didn't mention
gender this person could be a woman but
strangely enough all the theologians
with all of their arrogance especially
the the two that stepped in the
Trap doct
tals every day you're out there
the two that stepped in the Trap right
there's no way they could have seen it
coming the others are seeing it coming
now and they know there's no answer to
this people it is the death Nowell of
Christianity it is the death Nowell of
monest
religions it's the
reality people can't take it when you
give them the reality baby they can't
take it but that's what they need
that's what they need gender why am I
not talking about gender because for
some reason these
theologians these biblical experts who
drive the world in circles these people
are always men they're always
domineering
men
arrogant
self-absorbed domineering
men and you know what their weakness
is their weakness is they don't know the
text that's for
us that's for us this is New Renaissance
baby give it to me okay we're gonna Jey
here sore neck we got to get done with
this right what do you call this ASP
that you're going to Christ yourself
with AAS right right a contas isn't that
gorgeous it's a specific type why
because you want your eyes opened give
me the next one and what does this say
oh my God oh my
God some people this author says some
people you know they try to square The
Narrative with what the tragedians
produce right in the drug of media in
working with the drug of media right
because everybody knows that she
christed
that crown and that
peplos do you see the very middle and
the third line down it's like the one
two 3 four fifth word in you see
that
christing is a word I'm gonna blow your
brain christing is a
word that first
develops within
medicine medicine Magic
and
cult christing is so Central to cult
that it is the
mystery Jesus got it you don't but
here's the solution here's the solution
give it to me give it to me um what is
Auda this is Byzantine what does Auda
tell us I I just wanted you to see what
oh for the proverb the nanny goat giving
the knife okay thank you for as the
Corinthians were sacrificing to Hera
acria whose cult media is said to have
established I just want you to stop
right there the cult of Hera established
by
MAA do you know what christs
do they
establish
Cults they establish Cults Mia is no
different she just happens to be the
first
Christ give me the next one she why how
do we know that because it had to come
from her the pharmacon the pharmacon is
of
media the drug of media you mean media
only had one drug no no no media had
thousands this is merely um this is
merely uh the one that she's famous
for yeah her drug and why is it she's
famous for that because she's the one
who made it you bonehead you mean
there's something beautifully
individual in this
woman there's something beautifully
individual in this woman that it is her
own
body and
mind to produce a medicine that gives us
salvation
yep yep now do you understand
now do you understand what worship
is
right yeah
adalon how does she have that image give
me the finally give me that one nope
that next one boom okay and I want to
finish up by saying this is all about
the
christing All About
e right this is is all about the
application of drugs now you sat there
and you're going to hear somebody say
what is christing and they'll say it is
anointing
[Music]
Messiah do you hear how they've been
tagged by the
LIE right it is a lie to make
up ancient
Works they are falsification
ation of
history and the worst
one came to its full
form in the 9th and 10th
centuries and that was the Matic text
that forever sealed your understanding
of
History yes those texts are forgeries
what I am showing you are the real texts
and the real
terms okay you mean the whole planet of
Christians was off yes do you hear what
I'm saying the whole planet is off they
don't even know their own Christ
fortunately now the pope has the
Antichrist let's go let's go here's what
I'm going to do I'm going to hand it
over to the drill instructor right for
anybody who wants some hardcore Greek
and I want you to know that the reason
I'm doing this is I want people to know
they can come to an AM andu episode they
can wait till the end and they can see
the progress that they should be making
in the textbook so you could it's your
own will and a lot of people are follow
along through an entire intensive course
we'll get you there for everybody who's
hanging in with this we'll get we get
you there we'll get you there and I'm
always taking new students okay um let
me go grab the drill instructor I'm
going to let you listen to a little bit
um maybe once or twice of Teddy Bas
we'll see hit it JY 666 on B my rich
purple
do 666 on FES my witch I'm purple dop
welcome to Babylon you might not know
the names of the streets you're on the
Rob was paid for gold the people sold
the souls for a briefcase full of dope
the kids got turn the so [ __ ] these
streets ain't no joke Oxy Cotton got you
sniffing
Ajax James Brown [ __ ] is a
payback my witch will give a kick on her
broke stick flying through the sky full
moon shiny shine
these drugs are really strong the [ __ ]
you all night long puff puff on the bong
Irish witch like Che and CH old school
riding listen to my favorite songs
cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this place is on fire I'm glad you made
it give me some loving lunatics on the
grass 666 Medusa
zombie junk bending Corners black magic
voodoo 666 on FES my witch I'm purple
dop 666 on FES my wit I'm purple
do fantastic good to see everybody here
I appre appreciate your attention
tonight I'm going to focus this refocus
us back on the language for those of you
who are progressing through am and you
we're going to do unit four tonight so
you will have gotten to this point
because you just took the examination
it's in the book and you passed that
examination now you can come into this
point of the class this is unit four and
I appreciate you appreciate you being
here and I'm going to give you exactly
what you need to know from this chapter
go ahead chewy hit it with the you know
what I think we'll start with actually
let's start with the vocabulary the
these people are not no these people are
not they need something to slide into
the activity look at agathos agath
agathon that's an adjective people it's
got three endings on it one's masculine
one's feminine one's neuter that's an
adjective and it means good it means
good now you're going to say wait a
minute caros means good yes it does it
does what's the
difference agathos is that which is good
because it's
useful it's useful that's why you can
have an aatho
Dion that Dion is a capacity a Quantum
capacity for you to be able to be useful
isn't that interesting I love that I
love that that scares some people but
that's okay it should on is a particle
it's used with conditionals right
conditional sentences we'll get to that
in a second here's another adjective
oxio oxia
oxion what does that mean it means to be
worthy of something means to be worthy
of something what's the opposite on oxos
an oxio now um that's a two termination
adjective just has a masculine looking
form and a neuter right from the second
declension fantastic play that again
back to yourself if you didn't get it
all um and it means to to be
unworthy to be
unworthy what we do we added an alpha
privative to the front of it negative
ized it right we just took oxio and
added an a what is something it's a oxio
Well the
Greeks hated language that wasn't
Musical and they said it was
barbaric this is what they're trying not
to do so what do they do they add a new
a movable
new and it
becomes
on
oxio that's flow right you can sing an
oxos you can't sing
oos right unless you're I don't know
getting the back massage or something AR
isn't that a gorgeous word AR that's a
beginning of something or a
rule it is like the German word
r it's like the German word
Reich okay yeah
AR fantastic gura gura oh God I hate
that word so much it's a bridge to
nowhere dasco look at this gorgeous verb
here you're going to notice now that all
of your verbs are in four in their six
principal
[Music]
partsco look at that six principle Parts
fantastic okay and I want to give you DK
too look here's the word DK here's the
word for justice
people okay give me the other
list um actually go back up here we're
going to come back to the rest of the
vocabulary what are you learning this
chapter unit four you're learning
adjectives these are adjectives of the
first and second declension that is they
look like first and second declension
nouns agathos aath agathon right they
have the endings of a first or second e
clinch noun agathos is good it's good
look we've got it's nominative genitive
dative and accusative now underneath
they threw the vocative under there I
don't want you to worry about the
vocative for now but I want you to pay
attention to the fact that it does exist
the cases that I want you
to sleep and eat and swim in
are the nominative the genitive the
dative and the accusative Fantastic
Fantastic give me the next one give you
the next
one um it goes without
saying that in the classrooms that I've
got going right now we will drill these
endings to get them to stick in people's
minds it's very
tortuous I love to do it I love to
torture people
um mentally come on don't be silly don't
be silly have you ever seen somebody
sweat something about watching somebody
sweat you know what I mean um aicos
here's a two termination adjective right
it's masculine it's feminine are the
same so [ __ ] can be masculine or
feminine
remember your adjective is going to have
to line up with that case number and
gender okay so that's all we're doing
we're forming the ending of that
adjective and the Mr Rogers word this
week is adjective and don't be ashamed
that you learn your English
grammar from a bald man with tattoos
because I learned it from the Greek as
well I didn't you think I knew this
before I studied Greek no no
in the fourth grade when I was in
grammar class that was Miss Baker
man that was the last thing in the world
I ever wanted to do I just wanted to
hear that glow that she had when she
walked
around it was awe inspiring was woke me
up one
night I think christed myself give me
the next one oh my god did he say that
blasphemy
hey summary look people divert your
attention here's the summary of
conditional sentences summary of
conditional sentences right here's the
point of grammar that this chapter is
all about take it seriously now people
right take it
seriously stop
chewy it's not that funny okay you make
a big deal about it
somebody okay look people what is a
conditional sentence it's an if then
right if something happens then
something else happens and there are
many ways to use this Construction in
Greek it is broken down here into six
forms the future more Vivid the future
less Vivid the present General the past
General the present contrary to fact
that sounds way too complicated the
present contrary fact and the past
contrary fact you hear how it's three
sets of twins right it's three sets of
twins I want you to look at the protesis
what is the pro what the H protesis
what this word is coming from the Greek
garans defining their language did you
know you live off the glory of this
language you live off the glory of this
language oh God it's it's a shameful
thing for us to have plotted through so
many
bogs
hairry it's three sisters Three Twins a
future more Vivid and a future less
Vivid right they're twins then a present
General and a past general they're twins
then a present contrafactual and past
contrafactual each of these now what do
you do you need to know this
conceptually no because I know you're
sitting there just like I did and I was
like oh I hope you didn't ask me to
figure that out right no I just want you
to memorize there are six types here
they are learn their names future more
Vivid has a pricy and an apois what the
hell is that the protesis is the if
Clause the apois is the then Clause if
then that's all you what is the if
clause in a future more Vivid it is an
Aon plus a
subjunctive you're going to use a
subjunctive form of the verb for your if
Clause what about its hypothesis what
about it's then Clause it's going to
have a future indicative now how am I
going to translate that I still haven't
told you to think about this please
don't use your brain the more you use
your brain
the worse you will be I know that sounds
completely off the
wall no you are in survival training you
are underwater and it is
freezing what do you do you don't
think if you have to think you
die don't think there are six types of
conditionals the first type
has an Aon plus a subjunctive in its
protesis followed by a future indicative
in its apothesis and what is the
translation formula for that
amen look at it it's in English and
italics underneath does will do if
somebody does then somebody will
do you cannot translate this sentence
otherwise it'll throw you off
the tenses will throw you
off yeah those tenses are like the wild
estris that a young Philly gets the wild
estris that makes her want to
run that is what is in the tents and you
can't master that you have to just
memorize how it's done how it's done
okay blow it up to blow it up I want to
give you one more kind so what that's a
future more Vivid a does will do what is
a future less Vivid a plus the optative
in the protesis optative Plus on in the
apothesis and what is the
translation
should
would if somebody should do
something then somebody would do
something you see how you have to think
about it you don't have to think about
it
okay what is that present General it's
Aon plus a subjunctive followed by a
present and what is the translation
formula sir it's a does does if somebody
does then somebody else does what is a
past general it's an A plus an optative
followed by an imperfect
indicative and how is that one
translated did did past
general what is a
contrafactual a present
contrafactual were would a past
contrafactual had would have do I use my
brain at all when I do
that nope if I had to we would be in
trouble because we are underwater and
it's freezing what do you
do you follow your training that stuff
has to become muscle memory this chart
should become muscle memory you should
wake up thinking about the differences
between those
contrafactual were would and had would
have oh my God look at them what are
they were wood is a plus an imperfect
followed by an imperfect Plus on were
wood t would have a plus an arist
followed by an aist Plus on you see the
patterns you're going to see a lot of
patterns here a lot of things line up
because it's physics baby and when you
can get your language to do the dance of
physics you're GNA get
libraries you can't even build the
things without it don't tell me I know
people you love your pyramids you know
who thinks that's funny the
Watchers you know what they like best
they like those Big
Blocks they like those Big
Blocks oh God it's why any of them with
taste where do all the Watchers end up
in
Athens that's where they end up love it
if you're in Athens out there satanic
congregation you got special place with
me baby love okay get that off of there
let me show you let me show you just a
um an example of this look at number one
in the exercises so you should be going
over the exercises and how do I force my
people to go over these exercises number
one when you look at this Greek sentence
don't even try to translate it tell me
what kind of conditional is it look at
number one well it's got an e
on and what is its verb dedos sin oh
that's a
subjunctive so we've got the pris of a
future more Vivid what is its apothesis
grap it's a future so what do we have
here a future more Vivid and what is the
translation
formula Almon for a future more Vivid
does will
do okay so if those Muses teach the good
poet well he will write a beautiful
book about the sacrifices in the
agura okay so play that back to yourself
and realize you can do this every time
with a conditional every time with a
conditional I want you to be able to
identify it which is this and how are
are you going to do that you're going to
look at the if
clause and you're going to identify what
the verb is then you're going to look at
the then Clause you're going to identify
what the verb is notice how you're not
thinking and then what are you gonna do
you're G to look at that
chart and you're gonna say which one of
these is
this can identify it and plug in its
translation formula it's a future less
fvid
a plus optative optative plus on what's
the translation should
would then you translate your sentence
if somebody should then somebody would
okay do you see what we're doing here
tonight people it's a good art it's a
good art you love this stuff you love
this stuff go ahead and take it down
chewy go ahead and take it down now what
do I expect I'm making these AR and it's
okay I'm making these amine
you sessions for you to be able to keep
up you should be doing two
things you should be memorizing your
vocabulary the best that you can and
what is the best that you can means it's
memorized okay now if you're waking up
in Berkeley at 6: a.m and you're going
to your Bender
um ba uh bathroom SL shower facility
which by the way I did not think that
would work I did not think that would
work no I didn't but it did very well I
was shocked I was like well it's very
Pagan but people are kind of treating
each other with dignity it's fantastic
it's fantastic um the other thing is you
know got to wash the SLE s out of your
yeah never mind it's the way it goes
anyway um you can learn this the system
is for you
to commit to muscle
memory the endings of the
words for you to commit to memory the
chart of the conditional so that you
know exactly what to do when you get
into the pit and you're out there boom
you get a conditional you know exactly
how to break it down and how to
translate it right no problem it's all
muscle memory though so if you're going
to
Berkeley and you're doing this for six
hours a day and then you're going back
to your dorm and you're working an
additional four to six hours on it you
have time to cement it before the next
day shows up and you're sitting there
and they tell you to Rattle off a
paradigm and you can't do it and you're
in a bunch of people who can and you
look like a
dummy right now there are ways of
memorizing these
forms there are ways of memorizing these
forms write them down if you are a
manual person write them down if you're
a visual person get
flashcards commit to memory whatever is
your
way some people will just do it
verbally just do it verbally
OA right just throw out those paradigms
get them out there whatever it takes for
you to commit these to memory you need
to these will be the tools that you
won't even think about using later you
just take it for granted as part of the
system but this is the basic training
for ancient Creek okay this is the basic
training now I do want to
announce that you there are more
students at I'm and
you taking ancient
Greek than any of the Ivy League
schools and why is
that why is that it's
because I am showing
you the art that you yourself can use
and you are not here because you're
trying to have a career be in a
department and write books that are full
of stupid
ideas what I am doing is I am training
you so that you can go out to those
texts you can open them up you can look
around at the people around you who are
blithering trying to get you to go in
the back alley buy this module buy that
module they're selling you
out not here at satanic
congregation not here that's what we're
doing now I do want to say one more
thing about ominus Greek class there is
always going to be a level of
attrition you will come up against a
wall and you will
break there are many people who when
they break they walk away for
good and there are some people who when
they
break they take a rest and it eats at
them until they come
back
right and there are those who hit the
beaches from day one and and plow
through okay this is very very common
very common okay you are up against a
force that is way more sexy than
anything you have ever dealt with she
out
sexies
everybody and you're
overwhelmed yeah that's the way it is
cuz that's the way it is for everybody
you know how many times I went home from
the Intensive courses sou and I was like
I don't know if I can get through this
it's it's you know I don't know dude it
you know you you got to be smart for
this stuff and I don't think I'm that
smart
persist persist because what lies at the
end is
reality and beauty
yeah Hail To The Muse tonight baby thank
you for coming I appreciate
everything I appreciate the fact that
you listen to that guy in the purple
shirt and that you are
here because you want to take up that
tool work hard in unit four hell
Satan
6 my rich purple do
[Music]
666 I'm FES my witch I'm purple do
welcome to Babylon you might not know
the names of the streets you're on the
RO was paid for gold the people sold the
souls for a briefcase full of dope the
kids got turned the so [ __ ] these
streets ain't no joke Oxy Cotton got you
snipping
Ajax James Brown [ __ ] is a
payback my witch will give a kick on her
broke stick flying through the sky full
moon shin and
shine these drugs are really strong the
[ __ ] you all night long puff puff on the
bong Irish witch like G and CH old
school riding listen to my favorite
songs
cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this places on fire I'm glad you made it
give me some Ling lunatics on the grass
666 Medusa zombie
junk bending Corners black magic voodoo
666 on FES my wit I'm purple
dop 666 on FES my witch I'm purple dop